update lightning conflict detection recording view (#17532)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-error-resolution.md

task-info-schema-name = 'lightning_task_info'
```

> TiDB Lightning creates 3 tables and 1 view in this database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Lightning creates three tables and one view in this database:
```
